Driver of the Day.
The eyes of God - Cave Prohodna, Bulgaria
Mother with her kitten
There is a Japanese museum where there is a gold bar in a glass box, if you can remove it, you win....a small prize unfortunately
When it comes to political ads, it's time for Facebook and Google to be held to the same standards as ABC and CBS
It's not much for Rory McIlroy, but it's something this kid will remember his entire life
I did warn you not to trust me.
That’ll do Yoshi...that’ll do
Redditor bought a used Redmag (camera storage) and found BTS footage of Seth Rogen from This is the End (2013)
Two years ago today, Nala fell asleep on the scale at her first visit to the vet...
1969 Vietnam: my father’s version of a selfie before selfies were a thing.
Catalan referendum: Riot police 'fire rubber bullets' at crowd as they block voters at besieged polling stations
Twirling sphere
What are some "one-hit wonders" in other fields besides music?
Look! More gold from the front page! Some people are waking up!
User falls into reddit rabbit hole and returns with OC gif of glacial recession near Banff over 93 years
This is the Valonia Ventricosa, the world's largest single-celled organism. At full growth, a single unit can be as large as a tennis ball. Scientists have been baffled by its structure for over a century.
[Postgame Thread] Troy Defeats LSU 24-21
This crazy ice wave formation from snow slowly melting off the tin roof of my patio.
Tesla wants to build special charging stations that sell food and coffee — and it could be a huge opportunity: retail-and-lifestyle focused "Mega Supercharger locations."
Brightened my day!
This what i use to shoot Wildlife
Five from brocat.
Has fashion gone too far
TIL a Canadian province had a "Sexual Sterilization Act" from 1928-1972. Almost 3000 sterilizations were performed on minorities and women who were deemed "mentally defective." In 1995 a sterilized women was awarded almost $1 million for her humiliation at being wrongfully labeled as a moron.